Stock:
Common stock typically represents ownership in a company. Three types are provided to model stocks, Stock, LongStock and ShortStock. The Stock type can be used to represent both long and short positions, simply by providing positive or negative values in the basis element. LongStock and ShortStock types are provided as a convenience and methods dispatched on them assumes long and short positions, respectively.
Futures are derivative contracts that allow the control of a fixed size of underlying asset to the owner, and an obligation to deliver the underlying asset at the strike price by the seller. The underlying asset can be a commodity, such as corn, or a financial index, such as the S&P 500.

Three types are provided to model futures including Future, LongFuture and ShortFuture. The Future type can be used to represent both long and short positions, simply by providing positive or negative values in the basis element. LongFuture and ShortFuture types are provided as a convenience and methods dispatched on them assumes long and short positions, respectively.

Options:
Options are derivative contracts written against an underlying asset. They come in four flavors depending whether they are calls or puts, and depending on whether they are short or long.
There are many different types of options available on the market. The most basic type of options are called Vanilla options. Vanilla options consist of calls and puts. An option is known as a European option if it can only be exercised on the expiration date. An option is known as an American option can be exercised at any point up to the expriration date. The more complex options are known as exotic options. The different types of exotic options include forward-start options, the Cliquet option, Asian option and Barrier option. The holder or owner of the option is said to have a long position. The writer of the option is said to have a short position

Bonds:
Bonds are paper issued by governments, corporations etc.A bond has a maturity date T. A bond has a principal or face value eV. We will usually take this to be 100 euro. On the maturity date the holder of the bond is paid the face value V euro. For a zero-coupon bond, this is the only payment. For a coupon bond, the bearer is paid coupons of a fixed amount, usually semi-annually, up to maturity. The coupon rate is the sum of the coupons payments paid in a year divided by the face value. The PV of a bond will usually not be its face value. A bond may be traded at any time up to its maturity. The value of a bond will change as interests rates change. If interest rates rise, bond prices fall; if interest rates fall, bond prices increase. The credit rating of a corporation can affect corporate bond prices. If a corporation defaults, only a fraction of the face value will be repaid

